What did the Prime Minister say?
This mean woman disturbed the coma before you arrived.
And tear up the decree
Humiliate the emperor and princess
It's messy.
It's lawless.
Even though she's his foster mother.
There's a little grace for the juniors
But she did something wrong.
There's no respect.
Absolutely don't let the gods here in your eyes.
Touching on public anger.
She had said many insults to the Holy Father and the Princess.
We advised each other.
But she's stronger.
You're sitting in a high position in front of this hall.
Claiming to be over 10,000 people.
That's arrogant.
Even though I'm the adopted daughter of the chief princess
The King of Peace is chosen by His Majesty.
There is absolutely no tolerance for such a person to ruin our reputation.
To ruin the marriage of the chief princess and the High Priest.
Oh.
So what are you going to do?
Below self-opinion
It's King Security.
The gods.
Total number of orders
Destroy the way of life
Such a rural woman.
There must be nothing good about her relatives.
It should destroy its nine tribes.
One does not leave.
Just because she doesn't respect you.
It's not too much to die a thousand times.
We cut the way of life.
That's her luck.
Okay.
You guys did great.
The Prime Minister wrongly praised
I waited to do so purely for the protection of the majesty of the court.
The Princess's Face
This woman.
Nonsense.
Angry.
If you let her keep talking
To the ears of the Holy Father and the Princess.
I see it's you who should kill the Nine Clans.
Prime Minister, Mr.
Save School Canh